KAIZEN 5.0
10-02-2018 
The first event of 2018 Executive Committee was Kaizen 5.0, an international IEEE symposium. The epic start of the Kaizen 5.0 fell on 10th February 2018. Kaizen being a much awaited event saw an immense flow of participants. The event started by a trekking, which is the signature event of Kaizen. The trekking lasted for about 2 hours. After trekking a session was taken by Suyas Dixit on exploring the world and the challenges faced by him. After the session, students gathered for dinner. After dinner girls and boys moved to their respective accommodations.


 

The second day of the event started with an icebreaking session. The icebreaking session was led by Mr. Sanju Sony Kurian, an alumina of the college. The following events also included a couple of TedX talks live streamed on the event. The next event of Kaizen 4 was taken by preethi Prarshal. It was followed by lunch. After lunch.  A technical session was taken by Mr. Akhil on Drones. The session was followed by an interactive session hosted by Mr. Rohan C H. Next, Mrs. Vijayaraja Mallika spoke about the importance of gender equity. The session was followed by dinner and camp fire. A music concert performance was also done during the campfire. The concert was led by Xuban, a renowned music band. Soon after the dinner an overnight coding session was also conducted. 


The third day of Kaizen 5.0 concentrated purely on technical skill enhancements of the delegates. Workshops on various topics were conducted. Important workshops were on Robotics and Iot. Mr. Durga gowda, a famous social activist, shared her thoughts on gender fluid on the same day.


The fourth day of Kaizen 5.0, was the concluding day. Normally the day started with breakfast and soon after breakfast participants crowded at the college lawn for the photo session. After photo session a talk session was taken by Mrs. Fathima Hakkim. An official concluding meeting was conducted after the talk session. Branch Counsellor Mr. Manoj R proposed vote of thanks.

