KAIZEN 6.0
(14-17 Feb 2019)  
The first event of 2018 was Kaizen 6.0, an international IEEE symposium. The start of the Kaizen 6.0 fell on 14th February 2019. Kaizen being a much-awaited event saw an immense flow of participants. The event started by an ICE Breaking Session. After ICE Breaking a session was taken by Nagaraja Prakasam on exploring the world, Entrepreneurship and the challenges faced by him. After the session, students gathered for dinner. After dinner girls and boys moved to their respective accommodations.
The second day of the event started with an icebreaking session. The icebreaking session was led by Mr. Rohan C H, Chairman of IEEE SB CEM. It was followed by a session from Biswas, about Importance of Coding in day to day life. The next event of Kaizen 6 was taken by Ms. Anjali Chandran. It was followed by lunch. After lunch, a technical session was taken by Mr.Vivek K. on “Blockchain”.
The session was followed by an inaugural ceremony. After the inauguration a session by the chief guest took place. Chief guest Jose N, the Chief Judicial Majistrate of Idukki delivered the keynote address. Next, Mr. Niyog Krishna spoke about exploring the world and the wide opportunities ahead of us. The session was followed by dinner and camp fire. A music concert performance was also done during the campfire. The concert was led by College band.  
 
The third day of Kaizen 6.0 concentrated purely on technical skill enhancements of the delegates. Workshops on various topics were conducted. Important workshops were on Machine Learning and Blockchain. Mr. Nihal Sahu, a famous Technologist and law student, shared his thoughts on how coding can be implemented in legal issues. 
The fourth day of Kaizen 6.0, was the concluding day. The day started off with trekking, which is the signature event of Kaizen. The trekking lasted for about 2 hours. Participants regrouped at the top and a session was taken by Mathew Kuzhalnadan. Trekking was followed by breakfast and soon after breakfast participants crowded at the college lawn for the photo session and networking activities. Afterwards, a talk session was taken by Mr. Renjith Keshav. It was followed by a session from Shine, Technologist, about data security and cryptocurrency. An official concluding meeting was conducted after the talk session. Branch Counsellor Mr. Manoj R proposed the vote of thanks.