EVENSIA-3 REPORT

Introduction
Technology has advanced through time which has increased the need for faster updation of technology in our day to day life. As the world has been providing us with vast areas in the field of technology we are here to help you on gaining the skills required for the upcoming world.
Report About different sessions
	1.Session 1
Aathira M a person who has shown an outstanding performance in the field of volunteering in IEEE. She is the current R10 Lead for IEEE Extreme. She explained to the delegates about the importance of IEEE and Volunteering in choosing a perfect career.
No of Participants: 55
	2.Session 2
Mr. Mobin K Eldho an officer who has shown exemplary performance in his field working with       the Kerala Cyber Cell. .He had explained to the delegates about the various threats they have to face in the virtual world. He also spoke about the various defensive measures that can be taken up in order to keep our data safe.
		No.of participants: 55 
	3.Session 3
Mr. Navaneeth K Nair he works at the Bank of Ballard’s. He is also an Alumni of CEM. He is also a tech enthusiast interested in the fields of Machine Learning and Block chain. He discussed with the delegates about the uprising of Block Chain technology in the world via Crypto-Currencies and other technologies.
		No.of participants: 55
	4.Workshop 1
Mr Alfred Aloushy a photographer took the workshop on Mobile Photography. He taught the ways of editing a photo to make it better. He also taught about the colour grading on photos. He later on took an outdoor session which involved taking photos on Mobile Phone and later on editing them.
		No.of participants: 24
	5.Workshop 2
Mr. Navaneeth K Nair conducted a workshop on Machine Learning .He taught the delegates about the applications and usages of the same. The workshop involved teaching machine learning from the basics in java script. The workshop taught all the delegates on how to use basic Machine Learning functions.
		No.of participants: 21

Total participants for the event: 
IEEE CS members: 12
IEEE members: 21
Non members:22