ELEKTRA 2K19
(03/04/2019) 
A 3day technical summit ‘ELEKTRA 2019’ was held at College of Engineering Munnar from 3-5 April 2019.The event was coordinated by Department of EEE in association with IEEE PES & IAS SB chapters of College of Engineering Munnar. The event was inaugurated on 3rd April, by Mr Jabir Mudambra Electrical inspector, Idukki District. Mr Jabir Mudambra talked about the advancements in electrical engineering in modern days in his keynote address. 
It was followed by a technical session by himself on the topic ‘Electrical Safety’. The technical session was followed by an ice breaking session which made the delegates more comfortable and relaxed. The programmes of the first day ended up with a campfire in the evening followed by the dinner. The proceedings of the day ended up with an industrial visit to Solar Powered Microgrid, Marayoor and Hydro Electric Power Station, Mattupetty. The delegates were shown the operations of the plants and control rooms by the staff. There were 2 parallel workshops scheduled in the afternoon from 1.30 PM to 5.00 PM. The workshops were Installation of Solar PV and Blockchain. The workshops were handled by experts from the respective fields. It was followed by a session on the topic ‘Battery Designing and Management In Industrial Area’ By Engineer Ani Thomas, Area Manager, Exide Industries. Cultural programmes were presented by both external and internal delegates in the evening. The second day ended with a dinner thereafter. The third day programmes started with a sunrise trekking. It was the main attraction of the event and made the joy of the delegates in its peak. The trekking was followed by a session on ‘Entrepreneurship’ by Engineer Sonia Mohandas, CEO, Vapour tech solutions. There was another technical interacting session on the topic Artificial intelligence in IOT taken by Engineer Archu Sivajay, CTO, Vapour 
Tech Solutions. The last session was a technical talk on ‘Basics of Control and 
Protection of Power System’ by Dr Krishna Kumar, Assistant Engineer, KSEB. The delegates were given basic awareness and concerns on power system protection during the session. It was followed by Valedictory function and feedback session. The 3-day programme ended up with a lunch and a photosession. The 3-day technology summit received appreciations from all delegates in terms of the quality of the various sessions, industrial visit, trekking, internship drive and the conduct of the event. The IEEE members and volunteers of SB Chapter were immensely satisfied in the way the event was organized, and it is decided to conduct the programme in the future also.  
102 delegates from various engineering colleges across kerala attended the programme.  
Number of IEEE members: 58  
